c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\FileExchange.WebUpload.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\FileExchange.WebUpload.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\FileExchange.Worker.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\FileExchange.Worker.dll.config
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\FileExchange.Worker.pdb
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.Worker\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
c:\users\neil\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FileExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\BlobFu.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\bin\Debug\ServiceConfiguration.cscfg
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\BlobFu.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\FileExchange.WebUpload.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\FileExchange.WebUpload.pdb
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Diagnostics.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.ServiceRuntime.xml
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.StorageClient.dll
C:\Users\Neil\Documents\GitHub\CloudExchange\FileExchange\obj\Debug\FileExchange.WebUpload\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
